hee hee hey guys how's it going how's it
going - welcome to another minecraft
let's build and today we're gonna build
this fantastic little Caravan I think
it's great looks really cool gold oldest
site and its really easy to build so
what you gonna need will build it this
way what you're gonna need first of all
let's take some black stain clean you
gotta go one left ms-21 there like that
decide you want to come out three one
two three one two three and fill it in
oops fill it in with quartz half slabs
and this one you will come out to one to
fill that in then you want to bring it
all the way down like this I'm on the
front here use quartz tears fill it up
on this side quartz tears fill it up
like that then any color yellow stain
clear you want any color yells then
click any color you want
adjust yeah well that's me
and then just fill in you your glass
like this hook like this like this like
this there we go perfect and it take
some more this is gonna be the front and
this is going to be back so look like
this
is that gonna be the front no wrong we
were up
this is gonna be the back
though right yeah oh yes oh yeah I see
what I did there we go like this and
then just course blocks all the way
around like this and you can build this
out of any material you want guys any
material you want fill that in there
fill that in there put a button we play
around put a button I've grabbed some
nether brick slabs and dig there we go
and that's pretty much a caravan on top
I've used daylight sensors as solar
panels because they look great in this
texture pack I wanna done is I've taken
beacons are you can use glowstone and
broken those two out pop them in there
now for a door you want to do is put the
door in here we're gonna break this bit
here like that we're gonna put one there
like about one there break this put that
there we grab a door fly arrow fly back
put a door in put some steps how good
does that look
and then for some decoration what I've
done is I've used a trap door let's put
the trap door there fly around let's put
a trap door to trap doors there as well
just as a bit of a decoration you know
leather brick fence here that's kind of
an aerial and some iron bars ah here
comes the rain there goes the rain and
that's pretty much it that's as cool as
it gets what I did as well as I put some
of these here as well
oh that's what we can do let's get
ourselves an item free fly around here
we want to go item frame item frame
sign sign and then let's take some
blocks of redstone here like that and
there we go there's your cool little
Caravan you know it can be used as like
a starter house so you got so much room
on the inside sure we could put you know
let's go for it let's get that's a
dispenser that's not what we need hello
let's get a furnace let's get some
chests let's go down let's get bed Oh
crafting table that's another thing we
need crafting table there we go we could
put a bed in let's put a bed in there
like that let's go let's put the
furthest there let's put the crafting
table on top of it
no it's put the crafting table this site
lets get rid of the furnace the furnace
to say as well like that because we can
put a chest there perfect we got light
coming in from the beacons there all the
globe stole it doesn't matter whatever
you put on let's grab some carpet let's
get some yellow carpet because we got
yellow on the outside put some carpet in
and this is really all you need
you know for your aura you can even put
two more chests there just if you want
some more room and this is all you need
for your survival house the little
starter survival house it looks great
you could easily knock it down and
rebuild it somewhere else I think it
looks great you can add it to a car like
I've done here just a real simple SUV
type thing which is great and it looks
great I think it looks really cool thank
you so much for watching guys really
simple simple build and I'll see you
next time see that